README.md, before:

# conformal-llm

## Basic Usage

### Generating results
1. Create and activate a new virtual environment
2. Install requirements (`pip install -r requirements.txt`)
3. Run `python main.py [args]` (run `python -m main.py --help` to see a list of options). Running with no arguments will automatically produce all results for our table 2 and figure 2 for all datasets. 

### Generating LLM Scores
If you want to downlaod datasets and regenerate LLM scores with your own prompts and/or models rather than our pre-cached ones, the code can be found in src/data/loaddata.py. 
1. Delete or move the existing parquet files (they're read by default if present)
2. Call the corresponding load_dataset_raw_xxx() function
3. calls download->read->processing (add the "input"/"summary"/"sentences" columns)-add columns pipeline in sequence.
The labels and scores are generated after processing, either via addSBERTLabelColumn() or addLLMLabelColumn(). 

### Adding new scoring methods
In order to add a new importance method:
1. Add the method's code to a new or existing file in src/scoring, subclassing ConfidenceMethod and using the `@MethodFactory.register("method-name")` decorator
2. Update ./src/scoring/__init__.py with your new method

## Organization
- data: Contains parquet files with pre-processed datasets containing sentence-tokenized texts, labels, and our LLM-based scores. 
- src: 
    - data: 
        - dataset.py: classes for performing conformal summarization on entire datasets
        - instance.py: base class for summary texts
        - loaddata.py: Functions for creating and loading our datasets, including labels and language model scores
    - scoring: methods for computing importance scores for subclaims 
        ...
    - llm.py: various utilities for running score functions involving LLMs
    - evals.py: functions for evaluating the results of conformal summarization
        - ...
    - tasks
        - Subclasses for importance summarization
    - utils.py: utility functions
- main.py: Main method for running experiments (see above)

Commit message:

Update README, rename extractive + abstractive file

README.md, after:

# conformal-llm

## Basic Usage

### Generating results
1. Create and activate a new virtual environment
2. Install requirements (`pip install -r requirements.txt`)
3. Run `python main.py [args]` (run `python -m main.py --help` to see a list of options). Running with no arguments will automatically produce all results for our table 2 and figure 2 for all datasets. 

### Generating LLM Scores
If you want to download datasets and regenerate LLM scores with your own prompts and/or models rather than our pre-cached ones, the code can be found in src/data/loaddata.py. 
1. Delete or move the existing parquet files (they're read by default if present)
2. Call the corresponding load_dataset_raw_xxx() function
3. calls download->read->processing (add the "input"/"summary"/"sentences" columns)-add columns pipeline in sequence.
The labels and scores are generated after processing, either via addSBERTLabelColumn() or addLLMLabelColumn(). 

### Adding new scoring methods
In order to add a new importance method:
1. Add the method's code to a new or existing file in src/scoring, subclassing ConfidenceMethod and using the `@MethodFactory.register("method-name")` decorator
2. Update ./src/scoring/__init__.py with your new method

### Running extractive post-processing as an extra step after conformal importance summarization
To generate and evaluate abstractive summary baselines: 
1. Ensure you have a .env file in the project root directory containing your OpenAI and Gemini API keys
2. Set your target beta and specify the model in the ect_abstractive_experiments.py file (line 178)
3. run with `python ect_abstractive_experiments.py`

### Running pure abstractive summarization baselines with LLMs
To generate and evaluate abstractive summary baselines: 
1. Ensure you have a .env file in the project root directory containing your OpenAI and Gemini API keys
2. Set your target alpha and beta and specify the model and score function in the ect_extr_abstr_experiments.py file (line 235)
3. run with `python ect_extr_abstr_experiments.py`

## Organization
- data: Contains parquet files with pre-processed datasets containing sentence-tokenized texts, labels, and our LLM-based scores. 
- src: 
    - data: 
        - dataset.py: classes for performing conformal summarization on entire datasets
        - instance.py: base class for summary texts
        - loaddata.py: Functions for creating and loading our datasets, including labels and language model scores
    - scoring: methods for computing importance scores for subclaims 
        ...
    - llm.py: various utilities for running score functions involving LLMs
    - evals.py: functions for evaluating the results of conformal summarization
        - ...
    - tasks
        - Subclasses for importance summarization
    - utils.py: utility functions
- main.py: Main method for running conformal importance summarization experiments (see above)
- ect_extr_abstr_experiments.py: Main method for running abstractive post-processing on top of conformal importance summarization (see above)
- ect_abstractive_experiments.py: Main method for running pure abstractive summarizartion baseline experiments (see above)
